# One last time

I was a liar. I would have done it in another way if the time could reverse. As I gave into the fire, the situation was dangerous, even I know I should have fought it, not for any other reasons, at least I'm being honest. I cut our wire of relationship by my own hand. How I wish things are not that horrible.

Feel like a failure, the extravagant red bloody heart is broken, because I know that I failed you. I still remember all our memories - I should have done you better. I meet you, I understand you, because you don't want a liar.

And I know that your heart have been caught by another, and I know which is your current destiny, and I know you'll leave me. She gives you everything. As much as you want. But, boy, I couldn't give it to you. I'm conscious that I'll never be able to pay you. Shall I say: and I know, and I know, and I know. How vital you are in my heart, I know that you got everything. But I got nothing here without you. The past things shouldn't be stored, every time I remember back to it, my heart hurts, like being gnawed by a wild lion.

So one last time, I need to be the one who takes you home. I don't have any other wishes, just one more time, I promise after that, I'll let you go. Baby, I don't care if you got her in your heart. I don't give it a piece of cake. All I really care is you wake up in my arms, to feel the real temperature, to feel in your side. One last time, I need to be the one who takes you home.

I don't deserve it. None of those imaginations will happen in fact. I know I don't deserve it. But stay with me a minute, even only 30 seconds, I swear I'll make it worth it. At least, those worthy time will be eternally kept in my heart.

### Guess what is the story about.

To be continued. (Not finished yet)

